Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Michelle: I'm hanging in here. How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your moving going
What's going on.
Michelle: Starting to like like crunch time we've only got like, what, two, two and a half, three weeks, you know, and we're out here. Yeah.
Michelle: We still got a lot to do.
Michelle: A lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you talk to your dad.
Michelle: No, I have not talked to him like
Michelle: I talked to him briefly, but I haven't really like gotten a chance to talk to him talk to him.
Yeah.
Michelle: He lives with his, his mom my grandparents.
Michelle: And
Michelle: my great grandmother as then she recently was like within the like last year she shattered her hip and she had surgery on her hip and she was in a rehab facility.
Michelle: And she was able to go home and ever since she's been home. She's just been kind of like really showing like symptoms of like Alzheimer's really really badly. So
Michelle: They put her in her home.
Michelle: And last week, I think it was they put her home and I guess. She's just been
Michelle: Unreal unruly mean and and aggressive and I guess she's been like just destroying the room that she's in like breaking stuff and just being downright mean and nasty and she wants to go home.
Michelle: Well, she was home.
Michelle: She. I don't know what happened if she
Michelle: She was in, I can't
Michelle: I didn't exactly hear what he had said to me, but somehow or other, she got out of wherever she was, and I think she was in a different facility.
Michelle: And she got out. She goes, she's in a wheelchair, which is not normal for my great grandmother she's usually like just walk around with her walker, but
Michelle: Anyways, apparently she got out and she ran away. And she was going down a hill and smacked her face into a car lost control the wheelchair yes matter face master I sock it all up and they won't do surgery on it because they don't think she'll make it through. She's like 9394 years old.
Michelle: And
Michelle: They just put her in a home they I guess everybody got sick of taking care of her and and and whatnot. And they put her in a home and
Michelle: They've been dealing with that and it's been crazy and constant phone calls. My grandmother, you know, getting phone calls from her and just kind of like repetitive, the same thing over and over again. I want to go home. I want to see the doctor. I want to go home.
You know, yeah.
Michelle: So they're dealing with that.
Michelle: It's like this. It's been really, really rough, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. It is a lot and a part of me is just kind of really like upset and kind of like pissed off about it because
Michelle: I mean, I am a caregiver. That's what I've done. That's what I've always done for work, like I have like over 10 years experience as in home caregiving with with Alzheimer's and dementia patients.
Michelle: And when my grandmother flew off the loony bin, what, two years ago, year and a half ago when she won her doctor took her off her lithium cold turkey. She
Michelle: She went nuts like literally went nuts like like she shouldn't be like like mentally not there. Like, I mean, she was doing some bizarre stuff like putting toilet paper under our armpits and
Michelle: The earthquake has come in and the the water planet people and I mean she was just off the wall.
Michelle: And when that happened, I was taking care of her, you know, I was making sure she was being fed and slept and babies and, you know, because nobody else in the family wanted to do it or could do it and she got better, she got back on the lithium and she got she pulled out of it, thank God.
Michelle: You know, like she's found more, more, but I just feel like yours, where they know where we're about to be homeless.
Michelle: You know my
Michelle: my great grandmother has a home with
Michelle: Plenty of room and whatnot, you know, and
Michelle: It's
Michelle: We I you know we we could, I could take care of her, you know, we could at least stay there till we get on our feet and get into our own place but they just
Michelle: I don't know.
Michelle: I don't, I don't really know. I don't know why because it's not like
Michelle: It can't be done, you know, and it's not like I would be there by myself, either her son uncle Bobby lives with his wife on the property and, you know, and so it's not like it would just be me and you know my, my, you know, my daughter and my guy.
Michelle: And
Michelle: I guess I'm just a little upset about that, you know, I feel like
Michelle: You know Uncle Bobby, they made they made a comment you know Bobby made a promise to, you know, my grandparents, my great grandfather before he passed that he would make sure you know great grandma never
Michelle: Never went to a home late, you know, and I've always always told everybody that you know all my family, everybody you know like I don't recommend putting people at home.
Michelle: At work yeah facilities. I've been there. I, you know, like I
Michelle: They look all great and grand when you walk in the end the door, you know, and they're all super nice scrutiny and everything, but behind closed doors. What it's just us in the patients like
Michelle: I've seen some fucked up shit working in, you know, facilities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Michelle: And I never, I never recommend anybody, anybody but their family member in a home, you know, like most insurances will pay a family member to provide care. And it's not like home health still won't come in like home health will still be coming in, you know,
Michelle: Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you brought it up to them. I'll be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Back on the table.
Michelle: Cup a few times now, a few times and they kind of just, you should be talking to this person, you should be talking to that person. And I think, who I really need to talk to you is, is
Michelle: My aunt sherry like my dad's aunt I we all call her answer, but she's part of the executive of the will and Uncle Bobby
Michelle: But I'm not sure if it's been relate to her that I've offered you know and I'm not sure if it's been really to her about our position or whatnot, but she was involved when when my grandmother went up the linchpin to was kind of like me and at cherry take care of her, you know,
Michelle: So,
Michelle: I don't know. I thought about reaching out to her, but
Michelle: The way that might my dad just makes certain comments here and there. That is just, you know, kind of like
Michelle: Maybe has alternate like meaning if you
Know,
Michelle: There's, there's certain comments that he's made to me that just
Michelle: Make me like, like, like, just leave it be kind of thing like she's in the home. She's probably better off there. She's, she's gotten really really mean.
Michelle: Well, when you're in a facility and you know you're around people you don't know and you want to go home because that's all that it is. She wants to go home.
Michelle: Yeah, that's why she's being aggressive and she's destroying the place that's everything all the thing. I mean, she's not all far gone, you know, where she can't feed herself, and she can't
Michelle: Go to the bat like she's still there. A little bit. She's just like having trouble remembering things and being very repetitive, you know, like
Michelle: But I guess the week before they put her in the home. She was like, constantly on the phone with my grandmother, we need. I need, I need to go to the doctor, you know, and she had already gone and seeing the doctor.
Michelle: Mm hmm. And, and then once they
Michelle: She got hurt. That's, that's when they just they put her home for good and I used to work in this home.
Michelle: Yeah yeah I know all about this place. I worked there like
Michelle: And that wasn't, it wasn't a good. See, I don't know if I told you I thought, I thought I told you about it.
Michelle: How I was when I was working there. I, I quit. And I didn't fulfill my two week notice and the executive director of the building called
Michelle: me and asked me, why didn't fulfill my two weeks and I told her I just told her everything about what it was going on with my experiences and just everything you know because my supervisor was not acting like a supervisor, she was acting like
Michelle: Kind of like good old boys, you know this this part of the staff is the friends and we party on the weekends and
Michelle: The stuff you know the the other part of the South, you know, you're, you're the outcast. You know, you're not right. Yeah, you know, and when I confronted my supervisor about my co workers and what they have done and what I've seen, she just
Michelle: In one ear and out the other like it never the conversation never happened.
Michelle: Yeah, so, so I quit and you know I was, I was working a lot. I was working double shifts and I was had met aid on graveyard shift. So it wasn't like I was just some and I had been there for a year already so it wasn't like I was just somebody they they hired off the street and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Michelle: You know, like, I'd been there for a while but
Michelle: Yeah, I get because I moved back to Arizona after that and I state came in. It was all over, because it's a small town.
Michelle: He was all over the front page that local newspaper about how bunch of people got fired and the state came in and and
Michelle: Supposedly cleared up you know and cleaned up stuff and
Michelle: You know, after state leaves. I'm sure it goes right back to its old ladies.
Michelle: But yeah, I don't know, I haven't been in there. I don't talk to anybody that works there. I just completely cut that
Michelle: Off.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You sound like a place that I used to work at in Seaside, Oregon. There was just like that to like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah dysfunction all over the place. I know.
Michelle: Um,
Michelle: Yeah, it was really not like in. And after that I never worked in a facility ever again. I, I'd rather do at home. And that's what I like, stuck to because
Michelle: I after working in home and working in the facility, like I just tell everybody. Don't put your family member at home.
Michelle: I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if
Michelle: You can take care of your family member, why not, because otherwise they're just sitting alone with people they don't know people that don't love them and they just sit there and just sit around and and are medicated to die.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: Really, I mean, I've seen it. You know, I
Michelle: Really, really, really, really sad and it breaks my heart and I couldn't do it. I mean, I would come home falling every night from work.
Michelle: I mean, it was a lot. It was a lot for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely a rough place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
rough time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll tell you what, though at the place that I worked at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I drove the van. So I got to take him on to the doctors and I got to take him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On outings and you know do fun things with them and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: enjoyed my interaction with the patients.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, with their, their right mind. It's like their stories that they can tell are amazing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About your life and you know i just i. That was the part that I love the most, you know. Yeah. My biggest fear is getting attached
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to them because you know break your heart. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just break your heart.
And
Michelle: I've been some really cool people. And I've watched some really cool people does live and you're right it is
Michelle: It's hard, just getting attached, you know, even just small, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Checking on them every day, you know, making sure they're okay, you know, and it's just, it's tough when all of a sudden you go check on one and they're gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because they passed away over the night and you know what I mean, it's like it's just heart wrenching. For me it'd be the same. It's the same as like working at it at a neonatal center, you know, for premature babies. I couldn't do that either.
Michelle: No, no way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Much, you know, definitely.
Michelle: Yeah, I wouldn't be able to handle that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is tough. So I thought about you know that there are people that can go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can go volunteer in certain hospitals in certain cities and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love and comfort the babies that are born addicted.
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I thought about engaging in that, but I don't even think I could do. I could do that because my heart is happy. I couldn't do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A whole
Michelle: You know, yeah, that would be really hard. I don't know if I could do that either you just feel so badly for them they can't like
Michelle: Communicate, and they're just so tiny and helpless and
Michelle: I couldn't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, some tough stuff that's
Michelle: That's tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So any new issues coming up with your landlord or she pretty much
Michelle: No, I haven't. I've never responded to that text and she never texted back or whatnot, never wrote back and never
Michelle: I haven't seen or heard anything so
Michelle: I just, I mean, I've been avoiding going down to the office.
So,
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what have you been doing
Michelle: Well, I've been packing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's just and
Michelle: I mean, I haven't checked my mail in a while. I haven't gone down there, you know, just because I've been avoiding, you know, but
Michelle: Hey, it's been quiet, it's been it's been peaceful
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's everything with your, with your daughter.
Michelle: She's good. She's
Michelle: We got her a toddler bed.
Michelle: We got her toddler bed, they can you know cuz she fell out of the twin bed.
Michelle: And we've just been kind of stalking her bigger kind of stuffed animals in a blanket and pillows along
Michelle: Where she can't roll off but she's a square armor. I mean, she's just literally all over the place in her bed.
Michelle: But so we got to tell her bed. And that was just not happen. She was not having it. It was
Michelle: I mean,
Michelle: I understand, like, you know, the whole like plastic kind of matches cover thing. You know, like that they put on these mattresses for toddlers and in cribs for babies and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: It's so crinkly
Michelle: You know what I mean, like,
Michelle: I mean, I hear and they're just
Michelle: Trying to get comfortable flopping around in the biz just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole way up.
Michelle: Yeah. Like, no wonder she can't get comfortable and fall asleep and
So,
Michelle: That and that and she's just
Michelle: She's, she's literally like she just sprawls out in her bed like so and and the toddler bed as much smaller of a mattress.
Using
Michelle: So she when we were trying to put her to sleep because she won't go to sleep without us holding her or laying in her bed with her.
Michelle: We couldn't
Michelle: We could she just wouldn't fall asleep. So we split it back in the twin bed. And so I feel really, really stupid and really kind of like, I mean,
Michelle: Thankfully I didn't pay anything for it, it was free and it's a really nice toddler bed but
Michelle: Now I have a toddler bed that my toddler doesn't want to use
Michelle: You know I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny, because I think that a lot of toddlers, do not like the toddler bed and I don't know why.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have no idea why. But
Michelle: I mean she liked it. She was all stoked. You know, we made it like rice new bed and
Michelle: Whatnot but she just she didn't like it. As far as like trying to fall asleep.
Michelle: I just
Michelle: Don't want to make her. I mean, like, I, I, myself, Wouldn't be comfortable. I know I wouldn't be comfortable because I'm kind of a swimmer to and and just the crinkly Ness alone, you know, I mean, we tried putting like a couple blankets over it to, to try to mask the wrinkle noise but
Michelle: It's it's critically and
Michelle: Or girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Too much for right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything else is going okay you've been feeling okay
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. I've been feeling okay I just, I mean, I've got anxiety, really, really bad. I'm super stressed out and
Michelle: It's it's a lot. It's a lot at you know and and just we're down to the wire. And I don't know what's map and I'm just trying to get my driver's license, but I have to pay that 270 whatever DOLLARS TO ARIZONA.
Michelle: And I come up with that.
Michelle: And I don't know if it's true or not, but I read on there that it may take up to 14 days for the process.
Michelle: And
Michelle: You know, I, I'm hoping. Like that's up case don't have working days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: When I am I'm able to pay
Michelle: The to the to to Arizona to get my license suspended or whatever reinstated.
Michelle: I don't you know i don't i don't have that 14 days I need it. Yeah, I need to be able to just walk right back in to the DMV in Oregon and be like, I'm here to get a driver's license like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: You know, and thankfully that's super cheap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Michelle: Five or nine bucks for the test and nine bucks for the drive test. It's like
Michelle: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely different than trying to get something accomplished in California, that's for sure.
Michelle: You know, I just
Michelle: California i don't i don't know how helpful. It works really
Michelle: But I feel like, since we're going to be an Oregon. I should have my organs license. My organizes because the car is already been previously registered in Oregon to and my dad doesn't seem to think it'll pass smog in California.
Michelle: And that was like the one like thinking like, oh shit I totally forgot about smog.
You know, like, yeah.
Michelle: Yeah, come on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have to get smoked in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I don't think I've ever had to get a car smog in Oregon.
Michelle: I don't think so. Maybe in like the metro areas Portland or whatever. But I don't think like as far as like Brookings and Coos Bay. I've never heard of anybody having a fog. They're beautiful.
Michelle: But small fog.
Fog
Michelle: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mom, Mom.
Mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've just been charging along trying to take care of stuff at home disengaging from your landlord. Thank you very much. I'm glad you're doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that you know you can be definitely a little bit happier with that disengagement because you're not sucked up into the crazy, you know what I mean.
Michelle: Yeah, no, no. I'm glad I didn't, I didn't respond because I just, you know, after after like the next day after thinking about it, you know, I'm so glad I didn't respond. Is it
Michelle: Is all worth it. And I just, you know, like I just feel like I should just keep my mouth shut, and just not respond and not say anything or do anything and then you know if anything happens or said or done, then that's on them and that makes them look like the ass.
Michelle: You know by the time we were out of here. You know, I have this place will be clean and I'm going to do a video walkthrough with it to show that the place is not trash and yeah there's a few holes here and there, but
Michelle: We didn't charge this way.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know it's just about really keeping your side of the street clean and being the adult in the situation. You know what I mean.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got enough on your plate. YOU DON'T HAVE YOU DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THE DRAMA you know that these other people want to bring to the table, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not worth it.
Michelle: It's really not. I've got, I've got enough stress in my head. I've got enough anxiety in my head. I don't know. I don't need any anymore, you know, and
Michelle: To just know that, you know, like my conscience is clear.
Michelle: You know, I know.
Michelle: My conscience is clear. And I know I haven't done anything wrong. And I know that
Michelle: Hopefully the man upstairs is going to do me a solid and help me out and and whatever his plan is is is
Michelle: Just going to try to
Michelle: Keep a positive mindset and hopefully just I don't know my dad keeps Tommy like try to have faith, try to have more faith and I'm just like, I struggle with my feet because I i'm I'm angry at God, man, like
Michelle: I I'm angry. I feel like
Michelle: If you're, if you're
Michelle: It's just really hard for me because I feel like why would somebody who has the power to, you know, stop things and keep things from happening. Like why would you let innocent like babies, you know, innocent people be hurt and and
Michelle: You know, I struggle with that really, really hardly, you know, like after what happened with my son and whatnot, like that. Yes.
Michelle: My son did nothing wrong and
Michelle: You know, for it for the man upstairs to just sit there and be like, oh, it's gonna make you stronger in life and
Michelle: I got a really, really, really like I have a hard time with that.
Michelle: So in my state. It's hard for me to have faith. You know, because nothing in life is ever guaranteed and that's what's fun about it.
Michelle: Nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Michelle: Do you have a, you know,
Michelle: And and the world's looking pretty fucking scary. These days, man.
Michelle: You know, people are are
Michelle: I don't know man too much TV. I mean, I don't even know.
Michelle: But compared to like
Michelle: Previous generations and past year, you know, like decades. Like, I mean, the world is pretty pretty scary disease. Yeah.
Michelle: And
Michelle: I just don't see like how someone can just
Michelle: Allow it to just happen allow it.
Michelle: It's not right. I don't think that's right.
Michelle: I don't think that's right at all, anything stupid like if you have the power to come here right now let's do this man, cuz like she didn't write down here and
Michelle: This isn't like this isn't the same it
Michelle: makes me mad. Yeah.
Michelle: It really makes me mad cuz
Michelle: That's not right. And this isn't like i mean i just don't envision my brain to constantly be stressed and worry and doubt and fear my family's gonna die.
Sorry, sorry.
Where's my turn.
Michelle: I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, don't worry. It's all right.
Michelle: Sometimes
Michelle: A certain way.
Michelle: Don't touch it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it says, Hold completely still. And don't move.
Michelle: Some chargers, like this one, it goes down. Yeah. Just give me one minute.
Michelle: I'm gonna go get my real check please hold on.
Okay.
Michelle: This
Michelle: My charger.
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: Because they actually works. And does the job and you don't have to hold a certain way and
Michelle: I got
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect.
Michelle: Thanks, sorry. I apologize.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't worry about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do the same thing. You know, I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These earbuds and I'll get a beep when it starts dying. And if I'm in the middle of a session and it dies, one year, but will die first.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then the other one starts going CAN BE BE AT ME TOO. It's like, oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it, it's totally okay. Oh, back to your faith.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your faith is what you make it
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: I mean, I do believe that you know there's there's
Michelle: There's a higher being, and I do believe like we you know we were created, you know, for for greater things I do believe you know that this can't be it, you know, and I do believe like
Michelle: You know, just having the faith of a mustard seed is is you know more than enough.
Right.
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: And I just, you know, it's only human and natural to have fear, you know, and not to be able to 100% fully give 100% faith. You know, like, it'll be all right.
Michelle: You know, like that. I mean, I
Michelle: Feel like that's ignorant. Anyways, you know, like
Michelle: Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Michelle: But
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's all in our perception to, you know what I mean, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think the number one thing that we need to have faith in as herself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our ability to walk through the stuff that this world throws at us, because it can throw some pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: crappy stuff at us.
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. Right. It's pretty scary and
Michelle: pretty rough, man. You know, like
Michelle: I
Michelle: Yeah, I've seen. I mean, I know everyone has their, you know, unique story in life you know story, but I, as far as my life is concerned, I've definitely seen some some mess, Scott. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely some messed up stuff, but you're getting ready to go on this adventure and to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So much in your life right now. You know what I mean. And
There's a lie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you know there's this underlying fear there, but in the same sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, being running towards that change instead of being afraid of it and saying, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not going to be easy because nothing in life is worth having is going to be easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's certainly doable and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, keeping your mind open to the changes that are happening and noticing the good that's going to come out of it. The Freedom from being away from your land or number one.
Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, Oregon is definitely an easier state to navigate than California
Michelle: I'm hoping I'm just, I'm solely relying on my driver's license.
Michelle: You know having that driver's license is the most important thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Michelle: We don't know. We don't have to be
Michelle: Dead. Something just hit me over.
Michelle: I know you're driving without a license.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about dinner party and have a license.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no.
Michelle: No his driver's license in the state of Arizona.
Michelle: They won't let you serve like jail time to pay off or at least in Mojave County.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: Don't allow you to like surf jail time to pay fines and he's got finds from back when he was like
Michelle: 18 when he was caught with a flake of marijuana in a baggie because they're the zona is a no tolerance state.
Michelle: So, you know, he's still like paying finds from, like, way back then and other finds that he's accumulated over the years and whatnot but
Michelle: Um,
Michelle: They suspended his driver's license for unpaid fine. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once he pays it they'll suspend it but it's gonna take time. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing that's great about Arizona is when you do finally get a driver's license. The driver's licenses for life.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. No, I do have a, you know, I have my life and I've used it as ID and for forever. And it doesn't expire till 24
Yeah.
Michelle: Thankfully for that, you know, because I mean I've used it for ID. I mean it is valid, I either my driver's license is suspended, but
Michelle: I mean, I didn't know that up until
Michelle: A little while ago because I have driven. I am probably since it's been suspended.
Michelle: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was the hardest thing for me to give up when I moved from Arizona, Oregon. And so that was the hardest thing for me to give up was my driver's license that was valid until I was 50 some odd years old you know it's like 20 year driver's license. Where the heck is that about
Michelle: Every time I get carted around here. They're like, is this real
Michelle: It's real. You want to look at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good, it's good. And you know what you're in a good place right now. Michelle, you know, you're even despite all of the stuff that's going on in this move that you're getting ready to embark on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're in a good headspace right now. Yeah, you're gonna have anxiety sure anybody that's in your position right now is going to have anxiety. You know, it's a lot, but you're handling it with grace.
Michelle: So I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could have very well engaged in this whole back and forth in this with your landlord made things 10 times worse on you and you chose about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean there's no benefit in in engaging in that stuff for you and you realize that, and you bout out of it. And so you have to give yourself credit for that.
Michelle: Yeah, now that I've looked back on it, though, too. I just feel like I just, I probably shouldn't have even said anything at all.
Michelle: You know, because it really didn't
Michelle: didn't change anything wasn't going to change anything isn't going to change anything or affect anything
Michelle: I should have just not have said anything at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we, you know, when we feel attacked the first thing that we do is, you know, react to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In so that's a piece of it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you didn't do, just give yourself with the credit that you deserve because you didn't continually engage in it. You backed up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And said, this is not worth my time and you know it could have gotten 10 times worse. So, you know, I just wanted to throw that out there and and you know get you to recognize that piece. You know what I mean.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you for them, you know that you do because I, I have a feeling that you're kind of like me. And when you know the minute they the door gets open, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean you can engage in a minute and the hardest thing is stepping back and not defending your side.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I do. I struggle with that a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So knowing that you're, you know, you're making these changes to respond in a manner that's appropriate and with no response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's appropriate.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially in a situation, even though it feels like even though it feels wrong.
Michelle: Right. No, I'm glad I did.
Hey,
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now worth it. You're better than that. You know what I mean, you just gotta remember that your side of the street is clean. You didn't do anything wrong. The places and tore up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: Really wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just hold on to that.
Michelle: No, I did my consciousness clear like I'm good on that part, like, Hey, I know my dad knows, like my dad you know and and having my dad you know there to, you know,
Michelle: It's really
Michelle: That helps a lot too because
Sure, yeah.
Michelle: My dad's pissed off. And I feel like that's part of a huge reason why he's probably helped us out to
Michelle: You know, ya know, we haven't done anything wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh good, it's good that you have that support, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So embrace it a little bit.
Michelle: You're right I should. It's just hard to get out of my head. And just because everything else just piling on and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know all you know all changed. Everything's going to change and another two weeks when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get away from there. There's going to be a freedom. There's also going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be a little bit of a feeling of a loss. There's also going to be a woulda shoulda coulda you know dialogue in your head, but you've got to just kind of say it is what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is what I'm doing.
Michelle: I'm worried I'm worried about what what how it how it's going to be man.
Michelle: A little while to be pretty run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you told your dad, the predicament that you're in at this moment about paying Arizona to get your license clear
Michelle: So that you can you knows he knows and and I'm just gonna wait a little while I'm going to ask my grandma for help. Last month, when we were up there, she offered to give me $100 there. And I told her to hold on to it.
Michelle: You know, like, Hold it, hold on to it and you know because we were going to be needing it here. You know, so I'm hoping she'll still help me out with that hundred dollars and I'm hoping I can sell some stuff and come up with money on my own in
Michelle: But yeah
Michelle: That's the hope is, but
Michelle: I have to ask her for the whole amount I will this it's that's the most important thing, right, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And whatever you're gonna sell get it out there on on offer up and on
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, and I mean, get it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you
Michelle: Know I have, I have been selling stuff over the last couple months, you know, I got rid of my couch I got rid of them arise crib.
Michelle: I've gotten rid of all kinds of stuff. But I just, I kind of slowed down for a little bit there because
Michelle: You
Michelle: Don't want to sell it. I mean, I don't know, like for me especially like right now like I need to come up money, you know,
Michelle: Money so
Michelle: No need to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jobs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there any side jobs around there that
Michelle: I haven't seen any. I mean, I've seen people post on like the local Facebook groups, you know, like, because it's such a small town you know and and when people do post you know handyman, you know, do some looking for side job side work, you know,
Michelle: mow your lawn, pick up your shrub whatever and and nobody ever comments on it. I've never seen anybody like yeah, you can come to my yard or, you know, I mean he is trying to get a job like at Burger King or whatever, you know, just even if it is just a week or two paychecks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: It's a paycheck.
Michelle: Yeah, is trying to get a job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was just thinking like, you know, housekeeping or, you know, something that brings instant
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Money, you know,
Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: Hey, I never I haven't really thought about my me doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was talking about you. I wasn't talking
Michelle: No, I think I'm just as capable. I actually just finished all my all my schoolwork.
Michelle: I just over this last weekend I finished at all. So I'm done with all my schoolwork. So I just
Michelle: You know, but no, I am I'm perfectly capable of going out and getting a job to and I probably wouldn't get a job sooner than him. But I just feel like I'm better geese here packing the stuff and
Michelle: Making sure it gets packed right and
Michelle: No.
Michelle: Just we slept a lot of shit to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand that very much. Very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what are you going to work on this week.
Michelle: I'm definitely going to work on trying to come up with some money selling stuff gangster sold and pack and
Michelle: I'm going to meet up with my teacher and turn in the rest of my schoolwork. I finished.
Michelle: Okay, and she's been really cool with me, and she's helping me out like
Michelle: You know the semester is not over. And obviously, I'm moving, so she's going to help me out with, like, because I'm not able to come in filling out my PE logs.
Michelle: Ahead of time and her turning them in for me so that I get the credit and you know she's just being really cool with me working with me on that.
Michelle: So awesome. Yeah. Now the next step is trying to get my certificate of proof of diploma.
Michelle: Mm hmm. And because they won't give me my actual diploma.
Michelle: Or not until like when the rest of everybody else graduates like June May, June, or whatever.
Michelle: Maybe so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, they sent you a letter of completed or something that you've completed it and that your certificate will come soon or something.
Michelle: I believe so. Yeah, I believe so.
Michelle: I'm pretty sure that's what she told me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think that's what a lot of schools do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got a few things to handle this week.
Michelle: He'll. He'll
Michelle: Keep him. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just hang in there, keep doing what you're doing. You know what I mean don't engage in it drama.
Michelle: Yeah, I've been keep it to myself. I've been staying home, you know, because I am you know worried about that, you know, this virus there is you know they they
Michelle: They've started the process here where they may shut down the schools here pretty soon here in this area because there's someone who is
Michelle: tested positive for it. And that scares the shit out of me. But I've been trying to just stay home and I've been trying to get up early in the morning to
You know,
Michelle: I'm trying to just
Michelle: Keep my nose clean instead of trouble and stay out of interactions that I don't need to partake in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just think about it, you know, if you if you feel the urge to do it. Just say how is this going to benefit me
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not benefit and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get, get out of there.
Michelle: Right, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: keep yourself safe.
Michelle: And I definitely have no plans to interact with anybody. And I've already told Alex that they knock on our door. We are not obligated to answer it for them, we don't have our door for nobody. They
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try
Michelle: I want to go. There's no reason we need to talk. There's nothing to discuss. She's not my phone number. So if she wants to text me something that you know that that's as far as it goes, I'm not talking about doing it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Michelle: I don't know.
Michelle: Okay, on that one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alrighty. I'm gonna let you go and you have a good week.
Michelle: Thank you, you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and keep doing what you're doing, you're doing an amazing job.
Michelle: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and I will see you this time next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right here.
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you later.
Michelle: All right. Take it easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Bye.